A new chapter on The Turing Way coworking calls (for the community handbook) (#1257)
alan-turing-institute/the-turing-way: book/website/community-handbook/community-handbook.md

## The Turing Way Contact Points

The lead investigator for this project is [Dr Kirstie Whitaker](https://whitakerlab.github.io/about).

> She is the lead of the Tools, Practices and Systems Research Programme at [The Alan Turing Institute](http://turing.ac.uk)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
She leads the Tools, Practices and Systems Research Programme at [The Alan Turing Institute](http://turing.ac.uk).
```
